docs: Revamp the quickstart guide (#143)
gramLabs/k8s-experiment: docs/quickstart.md

> # Postgres

Reviewer: I feel like the top header should always match the file name. Maybe that's just me.

Reviewer 2: Yeah I agree we should keep it as Quick Start

> # Postgres

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Quick Start
```

The purpose of this guide is to get you started with Red Sky Ops.
In this example, you will use Red Sky Ops to tune the memory and cpu requirements for Postgres.
We will cover:
- Initializing Red Sky Ops in your cluster
- Deploying the Postgres experiment to your cluster
- Running trials using machine learning (ML) to determine the best configuration

> If you encounter any issues or require assistance, please reach out to us via [slack][rso slack] or [contact us][contact us form].

Reviewer: "Slack" instead of "slack".

Instead of the corporate "contact us" form, should we just have a `mailto:support@carbonrelay.com` ?

Reviewer 2: do we already have that set up/people access it? If so that works for me!

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you encounter any issues or require assistance, please reach out to us via [Slack][rso slack] or [contact us][contact us form].

```

## Prerequisites

- Kubernetes cluster

>   - A typical [minikube][minikube] cluster will be sufficient. The experiment may consume up to 4vcpu and 4GB memory

Reviewer: `[minikube][]` ?

Author: Not sure exactly what you're getting at here.

If it's around the change in style around links, I felt changing `[text](url)` to `[text][anchor]` worked better in documentation. The anchor link is at the bottom of the document

Reviewer: `[minikube][]` == `[minikube][minikube]`

(and the reference is case-insensitive so `[Foo Bar][]` works with `[foo bar]: ...`)

- [kubectl][kubectl] properly configured for your cluster
- [kustomize][kustomize] v3.1.0+
- [redskyctl][install redskyctl]
- [Red Sky Ops Account][rso account]

## Initialize the Red Sky Ops Manager

After installing [redskyctl][install redskyctl] and creating an [account][rso account], log in to your Red Sky Ops account:
```sh
$ redskyctl login
```

> You should see output similar to this:

Reviewer: I get the need for positive feedback, but this is the same reason professional documentation writers do not like putting images into their documentation: it's too easy for the output to change thus ruining any established trust you previously gained by illustrating the output (i.e. "That's not exactly what I see, did I do it wrong?").

Maybe as a compromise we could consolidate the two blocks (without the "you should see") and fix preformatted blocks to use the `console` highlighter (instead of `sh`). The `console` highlighter is meant for mimicking shell sessions so it deals with the "prompt" the "command" and the "output".

Author: Doing testing locally, it doesn't seem like we have support for syntax highlighting enabled -- https://github.com/redskyops/redskyops-www/blob/staging/config.toml#L7-L8

Enabling it ( with the sh/console changes ) results in:

<img width="631" alt="image" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/4570765/91330981-ca624980-e78f-11ea-8ee2-6a81b92ed370.png">

Which seems a little jarring after looking at the theme for so long, but I think I appreciate it better because it highlights the commands to run.

Reviewer: I didn't try very hard with the [styles](https://github.com/redskyops/redskyops-www/blob/staging/themes/carbonrelay/static/css/docs.css).

Reviewer: I think recent versions of Hugo changed the Markdown processor and syntax highlighter, so the default theme also changed; last I checked changing the config to have:
```
markup:
  highlight:
    style: bw
```
Produced more "boring" highlights (there are plenty of [stock alternatives](https://xyproto.github.io/splash/docs/) though).

Author: Dropping this for now as per https://github.com/redskyops/redskyops-controller/pull/143#discussion_r477528954

```sh
Opening your default browser to visit:

	https://auth.carbonrelay.io/authorize?...

You are now logged in.
```

When you initialize your cluster for Red Sky Ops, the following resources will be created:
- `redsky-system` namespace
- `experiment` and `trial` custom resource definitions
- `ClusterRole` and `ClusterRoleBinding` for the controller service account
- `redsky-controller-manager` deployment
- an authorization secret for the controller

Initialize your cluster with the following command:

```sh

> $ redskyctl init --wait

Reviewer: I don't think `--wait` is necessary for interactive usage; it's should only be necessary for scripts.

Reviewer: Same for checking if the manager is running, these feel like trouble shooting steps. In practice all this happens quick enough that a user following a guide would never encounter the state where something wasn't ready (i.e. we should write to the success case, and if the success rate is too low then we need to fix it).

Author: Some of the feedback we had gotten back was around verifying that things were actually deployed. 
I'm a bit indifferent on the `redskyctl init --wait`, but I think adding the verification for the controller running should remain. 
Perhaps this is something we can add to the `check` command --  `redskyctl check --install`

```
You should see output similar to this:
```sh
namespace/redsky-system created
customresourcedefinition.apiextensions.k8s.io/experiments.redskyops.dev created
customresourcedefinition.apiextensions.k8s.io/trials.redskyops.dev created
clusterrole.rbac.authorization.k8s.io/redsky-manager-role created
clusterrolebinding.rbac.authorization.k8s.io/redsky-manager-rolebinding created
deployment.apps/redsky-controller-manager created
clusterrole.rbac.authorization.k8s.io/redsky-patching-role created
clusterrolebinding.rbac.authorization.k8s.io/redsky-patching-rolebinding created

> secret/redsky-manager created

Reviewer: This is too specific and too likely to change rendering the documentation out-of-date.

Author: I'll drop them as part of the doc. As a followup ( doesn't have to be crammed in this release ) we should try to summarize the output with a simple `success`.

```

Verify manager is running:

```sh
$ kubectl wait --for condition=Ready=true po \
  -n redsky-system \
  -l app.kubernetes.io/name=redskyops
```
You should see output similar to this:
```sh
pod/redsky-controller-manager-5fb9f4cd4d-g2rn5 condition met
```

## Create the Experiment

We'll use the Postgres example [here][postgres-example].
This example will deploy the Postgres application and configure an experiment to tune the memory and CPU limits for Postgres.
The controller will schedule trials (Kubernetes jobs) using `pgbench` to generate load against our Postgres instance.
Each trial will test a different set of parameters provided by the Red Sky Ops ML servers.
The effectiveness of each trial is gauged by the metrics, in this case we contrast cost versus duration.

Deploy the Postgres application and experiment using the following:
```sh
$ kustomize build github.com/redskyops/redskyops-recipes/postgres | \

>   kubectl apply -f -

Reviewer: To do line continuation in these Markdown blocks you need to use `>` on the subsequent line. Subjectively, indentation helps.

For example `$ kustomize ... \` is on one line and `>   kubectl ...` is on the next (that's three spaces after the gt, it's tough because this comment itself is Markdown).

Author: These are inside code blocks, so I don't believe `>` is needed. ( check out the preview, they look appropriate )

I know the shell typically inserts `>` to denote being on a newline, but from a usability perspective it prevents a user from just selecting and copying/pasting the command into the shell.

Reviewer: Yes, but these are meant to be like screenshots of a console so if the "$" prompt is there, the ">" continuation prompt should be to. This was all stuff I didn't do well initially, but we should fix it now.

I didn't check in Hugo, but:

```console
$ echo \
>   test
test
```

vs.

```console
$ echo \
  test
test
```

Reviewer: vs.

```console
$ echo \
> test
test
```

Author: Adding the `>` inside the code block breaks the ability for people to copy/paste.

If we take out the line breaks, then you need to scroll horizontally to see the entire command which isn't great either. 

Until we add in some js or something to the theme to provide a copy to clipboard option that can strip the extra characters automatically, I'd really like to not include the `>`.

After the trial is complete, you will be able to view the parameters and the metrics generated from the trial.
The results can be reviewed as a visualization by running the following command:

```sh
$ redskyctl results
```

This should open a link in your browser showing a graph similar to the below.
![redskyctl results](images/redskyresults.png)

This is where you can review the trials that have taken place and decide which parameter makes the most appropriate trade-off.
There is a filter on the upper right hand side where you can narrow your results to show only the `best` trials.
These are the trials with the best possible combination of cost and duration, meaning if you hold cost fixed at a given value, we have found the best possible duration.
You can choose any `best` configuration that works for your cost and duration preferences.
Often you find that since the metrics are not linearly related, there are some points that give a bigger boost in duration at a similar cost, so it is useful to explore all of the options to find the best one for you.

Congratulations! You just ran your first experiment.

> Now that you've got an idea of the basics, you can learn more about the experiment lifecycle [here][lifecycle] or learn more about experiment concepts [here][concepts].

Reviewer: I'm going on the record as not being a huge fan of "here" link text, e.g. instead of `lifecycle [here][lifecycle]` just use `[lifecycle](lifecycle.md)` (or `[lifecycle][]` if the reference is fixed).

Reviewer 2: works for me

> Now that you've got an idea of the basics, you can learn more about the experiment lifecycle [here][lifecycle] or learn more about experiment concepts [here][concepts].

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Now that you've got an idea of the basics, visit the [experiment lifecycle][lifecycle] and [experiment concepts][concepts] pages to learn more.
```

## Removing the Experiment

To clean up the data from your experiment, simply delete the experiment. The delete will cascade to the associated trials and other Kubernetes objects:

```sh
$ kustomize build github.com/redskyops/redskyops-recipes/postgres | \
  kubectl delete -f -
```
You should see output similar to this:
```sh
secret/postgres-secret deleted
service/postgres deleted
deployment.apps/postgres deleted
experiment.redskyops.dev/postgres-example deleted
```

> [install redskyctl]: https://redskyops.dev/docs/install/

Reviewer: This breaks following the links in the GitHub repository. The existing pattern of relative links works both in both the GitHub source view and on the published website.
